[theme music]
Well, I got good news.
I got a promotion.
So in three weeks,
I'm afraid to say,
I will no longer be your boss.
Go ahead, get it over with.
DY-NO-MITE.
All right!
Yeah, I knew you'd
be happy for me.
Well, what'd they make you?
I am director of
human resources.
Wow, congratulations.
Thank you.
So what is that exactly?
I have no idea.
But I'm sure there'll be
some literature in the desk.
So, um, who's going to
manage the restaurant?
Well, my guess
would be a director
of human resources wannabe.
Well, Leon, look, let
me be the first to say
that although we haven't
always seen eye to eye
you have always been fair.
And I really enjoy
working with you.
Well, thank you, Bonnie.
Bonnie: [clears throat]
What?
[theme music]
[phone ringing]
DJ, get the phone.
If it's Dean, tell
him I'm not home.
You're closer.
Get it.
Gimme a dollar.
A quarter.
A quarter?
And I won't pound you.
Now go!
All right.
Yeah?
Hi, Dean.
No, Becky says to tell you
she's not here right now.
DJ!
That's what you
get for a quarter.
You're dead you little rodent!
Hi, Dean.
No, he didn't understand,
being he's kind of slow.
Saturday?
Geez.
No, I'm going out
with my friend, Dana.
Who, by the way, told me she
thinks you're really cute.
Yeah.
No, call her, I wouldn't mind.
Great.
OK.
Bye.
Look, Dana is going to
call in a few minutes.
Will you tell her I'm not home?
Got it.
So how was your trip?
1,200 miles in three days.
First time I ever
hold livestock.
Stunk like hell, but it's nice
to have somebody to talk to.
So, looks like you're
still avoiding Dean.
Yeah.
I don't know, he seems
like a nice enough guy.
Well, maybe I'm shallow,
but he gets these pit
stains you wouldn't believe.
Been there.
Have you seen Mark at all?
Just that one time.
We ended up yelling
at each other.
It'll get better.
I don't know.
I mean, I'm lonely,
I'm sad, I feel
like I'm never going
to meet another guy I
really care about.
I mean, this has got
to be like the worst
time of my entire life.
No, Becky.
No.
The worst time in
your entire life
is going to be when
you're all those things
and you smell like beef.
You think you
could keep your paws
off me for like one minute?
I was just holding your hand.
Well, I'm sick of it.
So back off, OK?
Oh god, I miss
having a boyfriend.
We walk to school together
like every single day.
You're outside every
one of my classes.
You put your arm around
me in the hallway.
You're my girlfriend.
Yeah, well, I liked it better
before when you were David
and I was Darlene.
Now we're like this
David Darlene creature,
like we were fused together
in some nuclear accident.
So I won't put
my arm around you.
Look, that's not what I mean.
I just don't think we
need to be together
every single moment of my life.
OK.
Now, I'm going
upstairs to read.
I'm going to do that alone.
Do you think you can handle it?
Fine.
You can stay up there all
day, I'm not following you.
If you want me, you
know where to find me.
You must be pretty
happy Leon's leaving.
Well, I don't know.
You know, I'm mean to him all
the time, then I come home
and I felt really guilty.
So now that he's
leaving at least
I can stop punishing myself.
Well, thanks for waiting.
Well, you left to go
over to Crystal's for 10
minutes over an hour ago.
She's driving me crazy.
What was it this time?
The thermostat.
You just replaced
that thermostat.
Well, apparently
the house is still
either too hot or too cold.
Well, yeah, because
she's eight months pregnant
and she keeps on having
hot and cold flashes.
You know, I suggested
that, but she assured me
that wasn't the case.
Then she kicked me.
You're kidding.
Then she started
crying and there was
no way I could kick her back.
Well, when's
Grandpa coming home?
Three days.
At which time she
his problem again.
This gravy is cold.
Hmm, give it to me.
I'll nuke it.
Where's Darlene?
Oh, well.
Her and David had a little
tiff so she's up in her room.
What's he doing here?
Well, I'd already invited him.
And then when she said
it was either her or him
I flipped the coin until he won.
Here ya go, David.
Oh, thanks.
This is an incredible dinner.
Everything is really great.
Well, why don't you
come back tomorrow.
We're having it again.
You know what I was thinking?
Have they replaced Leon yet?
No, he says they're
still looking.
Well, why don't you
try for that manager job?
I couldn't get it.
Why not?
You help manage the shop.
You run the house.
You could ask Leon
for a reference.
That could never happen, Dan.
I'd have to suck up
at the speed of light.
- I'm not getting it anymore.
- I know that's Crystal.
I already talked to
her 50 times today.
I'm not home.
I'll get it.
If it's Crystal,
I'll talk to Crystal.
If it's Dana--
If it's Dean or
Dana, you're not home.
I know.
Hello?
Yeah.
Yeah, just a second.
David, it's your mom.
Tell her I'm in the shower.
Good morning, Leon.
Good morning.
Roseanne, what are you doing?
Oh, well, we were slow, so
I had the florist bring up
some flowers, you know, to kind
of cheer the place up a little.
Really?
Yeah, you sound surprised.
Well, I mean forgive me, but
usually when there's nothing
to do, that's what you do.
Well, I've decided
not to do that anymore.
It sets a bad example
for the staff.
I see, that's-- that's good.
Yeah.
And I made the cook
wash his hands.
Well, I am
impressed, Roseanne.
Morning.
Good morning, Bonnie.
Say, this sudden
spurt of efficiency,
it wouldn't have anything
to do with the fact
that my old job is up
for grabs now, would it?
Well, why not?
I can do it.
Although, not nearly
as good as you.
Ooh, that last part
had to hurt, huh?
Oh, what do you say, Leon.
Could you give me
a reference please?
Sure.
I'm out of here.
Let the whole place burn down.
Hold on a minute,
you're not going
to give her the same
reference you gave me are you?
Hey, you went and
applied for that job
without even
telling me about it?
Wait a minute, OK?
Leon, you know I've put in
twice as many hours as she does
and you know I work a hell of
a lot harder than she does.
- Hey.
- Come on, Leon.
No, no.
I'm sorry, but it's
not right that I get
in the middle of this since--
I don't care.
Why are you trying
to sink me with Leon?
I'm not.
Look Roseanne, I can
really use this job.
And I just want
the people upstairs
to know there's a difference
between you and I. That's all.
What difference?
There's no difference.
Come on, Roseanne.
I'm here full time,
you're here part time.
You take breaks any time you
want, you're always late,
and you're mean
to the customers.
I am not mean.
I'm crusty.
Well, I take this
job very seriously.
You know, gruff, but lovable.
I'm just saying that
I work really hard
and I think I'll
be a great manager.
Oh, and I wouldn't?
I don't think so.
I think you'd end
up getting a raise
and I end up covering
for you like I always do.
Well, how come you've never
said any of this before?
Because you never wanted
to be my boss before.
All right, but now you
are going to be my boss.
And because I'm such
a lousy waitress
I suppose the first thing
you're going to do is fire me.
I would not.
And you call yourself
management material.
Hey.
OK, I closed the shop down.
I'm here.
What's the big emergency?
The dryer is not working.
Is it really not
working or does
she think it's not working?
No, this one's real.
Did you check the circuit box?
She wouldn't let me.
She thinks anyone who
has to touch the thing is
going to get electrocuted.
So she called me.
Yup.
Where is she?
Putting little Ed
down for his nap.
Well, maybe I can
handle this and get out
of her before she comes back.
Take me with you.
Come on now, Lonnie.
One more month and you'll
have your real mother back.
God, I'm good.
Lonnie, did you
do your book report?
Yes.
Don't take that tone with me.
OK, I'll do it again.
- Did you fix my dryer?
- Yes, I did.
Well, what took you so long?
Little Ed had to take his nap
without his favorite shirt.
And you're certainly welcome.
Well, gotta go.
- Oh, fine.
Go.
Just like your father, never
around when I need help.
Well, that's
not fair, Crystal.
I mean, I did close down
the shop just to come
over here and throw a switch.
And I've done a million
little things around here just
to help out.
I think I deserve
better than that.
Well like what?
What do you want
me to do, pay ya?
No.
Well, maybe I should since
I've been such a darn nuisance.
Crystal, come on.
Stop this.
I'll write you a check.
I mean it, Crystal, I
really don't appreciate it.
How's $50?
Will that make it easier to
help out a family member?
OK, that's it.
Look, I know you're
pregnant and everything,
but you're way out of line here.
I've been taking a lot of
crap off of you for the--
[yelp]
last three weeks, and I-- what?
I think I'm in labor.
Oh god, I'm sorry.
I didn't mean it.
You didn't do it, Dan.
I've been having
contractions all morning.
I thought it was false
labor, but this is it.
Well, it's a month
early, Crystal.
Well, you want me
to hold it in, Dan?
OK.
OK, let's go.
Lonnie, showtime.
I've got a bag packed.
It's in the closet.
OK, Lonnie your mom's ready.
Listen, call Becky,
and she'll pick
you up and bring you and
little Ed over to the hospital.
Tell her to call Mrs.
Conner at the mall.
I'll get The bag.
- You gonna be OK, Mom?
Yes, Lonnie.
You just take care of
your little brother.
And honey, I promise
this is the last one.
[heavy breathing]
This better be a girl.
It better be a girl.
Oh, come on now, Crystal.
If it's a boy you'll
love it just as much.
The hell I will.
What do we do now?
Cleansing breath.
OK.
You're doing good.
You, too.
How's it going?
Oh, about four minutes apart.
OK.
Here's some ice chips.
OK?
Baby seems fine.
A little early,
but in good shape.
My first child was early.
Actually, so was my second.
I probably should have
mentioned that to someone.
It's OK.
We can handle it.
Dan.
There's a video camera
in my overnight bag.
Ed wanted to take
pictures of the birth.
So if he doesn't get here
in time could you do it?
- He'll be here.
- But, but if he's not.
Well, Roseanne
is a back-up coach.
She'll be here.
- But if she's not--
- She'll be here.
- Now Dan--
I don't want to look,
Crystal, and you can't make me.
Dad.
I called home and
there was no answer.
And we called the restaurant
and mom already left.
Bonnie's going to
track her down for us.
What about your grandfather?
Oh, we left messages at the
hotel in the branch office
in Seattle.
Say, Darlene, would
you like to see a miracle
through the eye of a camera?
Gross.
Ah, ah.
Uh-oh, breath.
Oh, you breath, Dan.
- Oh, come on, let's go.
- Shut up.
I don't have to listen to you.
It'll hurt a lot less
if you do the breathing.
Oh, Dan, I hate your father.
He did this to me and
he should be here.
He is the scum of the earth.
You know, you're right.
He shouldn't miss this.
Hold on.
OK, take it from
"scum of the earth."
[phone ringing]
Hello.
Oh, hi Bonnie.
Are you calling to apologize?
No?
Well.
You're being very
immature about this.
You don't understand, Jackie.
She insulted me, she hurt me.
OK?
I'm the one that's right.
And when you're right you can be
as immature as you want to be.
[phone beeping]
This isn't driving you crazy?
No, I like it.
Well, I can't take it anymore.
What are you doing?
Get away from there.
- No.
No.
What if it's one of your
kids trying to call?
Well, then I really
don't want to get it.
Aah!
You pinched me!
Yeah, I know.
Next time I'll break your thumb.
Hey.
Hi.
Cool fight.
What are you doing here David?
I'm looking for Darlene.
Well, she's not home yet.
OK.
What's for dinner?
Sit down, David.
Let's talk.
All right.
You don't live here.
I know.
I hang around too much.
Am I like driving
everybody crazy?
Well, actually everybody
thinks you're pretty cool.
You know, except
for your girlfriend.
It's that space
thing, isn't it?
You are really
crowding her, David.
You better back off and
give her some time to think.
OK.
But what if while I'm
giving her all this space
another guy moves in.
And then she decides
she likes him better?
Well, it's good that
you find that out now.
Because if she's going to
be that kind of a girl,
David, then she's not
good enough for you.
Hey, did you see the way
I switched sides there?
[phone rings]
Hello.
Yeah, hi Bonnie.
I'm not talking to her.
Oh, grow up.
What's going on?
Yeah?
Oh my god.
No.
Yeah, I will.
I'll tell her.
OK, thanks for calling.
Bye.
What did she say?
Well, Crystal
just had a baby girl
and we missed it,
because you're an idiot.
She called me an idiot?
Hey.
Hey, Dan.
Kids all want to
come in and say hi.
In a minute, OK?
My little sister is
in the nursery now.
Is she OK?
Well, they got her in
one of them incubator deals
to keep her warm,
but she's great.
You think she's pretty?
Oh, she's beautiful.
You know, if you
like bald chicks.
Dan, thanks for
hanging in there
and for doing all that
stuff around my house.
And for just putting up with me.
I'm family, Crystal,
I was happy to do it.
But, you know, watching
you push the baby out,
for that I gotta charge ya.
Oh.
Hi.
CRYSTAL: Oh, hey.
Oh, Crystal, I'm so sorry.
What happened to you?
Oh, never mind.
It's a really long story
and I come off bad in it.
So how are you doing?
Oh, I'm tired and I'm happy.
Well, since we couldn't
get a hold of you,
Dan was the birth
coach and he was great.
Ah, couldn't have
done it without you.
Aw, you got your
little baby girl.
You happy?
Oh, yeah.
I just know raising
a daughter is
going to be one of the
most wonderful experiences
of my life.
She must've lost
a lot of blood.
Can I come in?
Oh, hi honey.
Where's your baby brother?
Out in the waiting
room with DJ.
Can I have a moment so I can
apologize to my wonderful son
for being so patient
while I was a crazy lady?
Sure.
Let's go make faces
at the babies.
Listen, she's
feeling really guilty
and vulnerable right now.
So you could definitely
get a moped out of this.
Hey, way to go.
Oh, you know.
Breathe, push, breathe,
push, no big deal.
But you always look
so cute in these scrubs.
You guys ever think
about having another one?
Well what do you
say, Dan, it might
be fun to have one on purpose?
Am I interrupting?
Yes, please.
I had to stay and
close up the restaurant.
How's Crystal and the baby?
Everybody's fine.
Lonnie is in there
talking to Crystal.
Give them a couple of minutes.
And then, Dan, let's go.
Where we going?
Well, these two
had a fight and now
they're going to make up.
What happened?
Well, you know,
your wife, how she
can be a big baby sometimes.
Yes.
So, don't let that stop
you from apologizing.
Well, I admit maybe a
couple of things that I said
might've come out wrong.
And?
And that's it.
Apology accepted.
And?
Well, I hate
fighting with you,
you know, because
after Jackie, and now
that Crystal's back
to being herself,
well, you're like my
third best friend.
Tied with Nancy and Annemarie.
Apology accepted.
So, did you get the job.
No.
Well, who'd they give it to?
Nobody.
They're closing
down the restaurant.
What?
Yeah, like in
three weeks they're
going to turn the whole
place into a Bargain Bin.
Damn.
Yeah.
And ain't like there's a whole
lot out there for a couple
of career gals like us.
I got like two
mortgages on my house.
Well, let's go look
at that new baby.
Yeah.
So, you wanna come in?
No.
You need your space,
and if I came in I'd
just be crowding you.
Oh, OK.
And I need my space, too.
So Monday after
school I'm just going
to hang out with my friends.
Oh, that's great.
You have to admit that,
you know, making out
is a lot better after you
take a couple days break.
Definitely.
Our lips healed.